Now we will create a method which will initiate the game.
So here I will take a class constructor after this and I will write here public name.
It is the same as close parentheses and here I will take that matter.
Name, initial, bold and not now we will create this matter.
Created method.
Initial Bold.
So here, this matter initiates the game.
It goes through the lemon string and fills the mentioned list, which I will create here.
Firstly, what do we have to do?
We will create a key listener here.
So I will write and key listener and give the parameter with the adapter here.
The adapter.
Next thing you need said focus able.
Boolean character set to the true here.
And next which we have.
The initial world which will create.
The Game board.
Okay.
So now what we have to do in this matter.
Can.
Create Class Director.
Okay, we have we will create it afterwards.
Firstly, what we will do, we will take the word and the height of the board first here.
So we will write here some getter and name it as the board word.
So here I will take public int get board foot and under this I will return the store w which we have
created.
Next one which we have to create is the height similar to the previous one.
So I will write public and get board height here.
Under this I will right return the stored edge.
This is done.
Now we have to write the body of this game world.
Here it will initiate to the game world mainly.
Here I will firstly created some string level and fill it.
So we need once equal to new ArrayList here.
Done.
Okay.
Next thing which we have the bags equal to new ArrayList here.
The next last one is the areas.
Write it to the ArrayList here and the next one will be the X.
Set it to the offset here will be the y coordinate with offset.
Okay.
So the offset is done.
It goes through the level strings and fill the above.
Fill this above mentioned list.
Now what we have to do next thing, which we have to do, we need some keys.
Firstly, we have to treat through that.
So what we have to do here, I will write.
Here.
Okay.
So here I will write.
Take the one wall.
Next thing which you need the baggage be.
These are the local variable here, the area here.
And.
Here.
I will write for loop under this I will write in equal to zero here and I should be less than with the
level length.
We need the length here and it should be increment of i.
I plus.
Plus.
No.
This.
What do we have to do?
We need to get rid of the item.
Character of the item variable.
So here I will take the level.
Not near the carrot.
With the next.
I am done.
Now here I will take the switch to switch on.
Here I will give the variable item.
And under this, I will make some cases.
So first case will be the.
Changing of rule.
So under this I will mention slash on this case will be the y plus equal to these.
No need to check if the store W is less than two x.
If not, the store W will reset to the x.
Here.
The next case will be.
After that, we have to initial side X with the offset variable here and next thing it will do.
And so the next case which we need here.
Okay.
Here, I will need a case with this hash.
Here on Cologne.
Here I will say the one equal to new role here with the x comma y.
Indeed, the false start ad is one.
Right X plus equal to space.
And just to break this loop here.
Okay.
I have to match this arguments also.
Okay, just a minute.
Firstly, we will then and create all our cases here.
So take the case.
And here I will be equal to new baggage.
Under this, I will give X, comma, y, Cardi B, x or y.
Thinks Come on why barometer or the arguments here.
And just write back start.
And.
Me be.
Be here x plus equal to space.
I'll just take.
Now we have to take another case of dirt here.
Cologne said the area is equal to new area here and just x comma y here.
Need areas not add a then x plus equal to space.
Next thing which we will do break here and the other case which we have as the.
So one player.
So here I will write case after it which will represent the so one player here.
Here I will write so qu equal to new player and notice.
We'll give the argument X, comma, y, and just x.
Okay.
Know, I really tried.
X plus equal to space and none near the break.
Next condition which we have to empty space here.
So just leave it empty and colon.
Under this what we have to do, we will write X plus equal to space here.
And after that, we'll just write break and all the cases are done.
Now we need to default.
Case here.
Mention the default case.
It just break the body here and here.
After that, we need actually equal to y.
Okay.
So.
I chicken too.
Why here?
So this part done.
Now, after that, what do we have to do here?
We create a world list.
Okay, so we already created that.
So what we can do?
We already have the initial word material.
Okay.
Which will initiate the game world and it will go through the level string and fills the list.
Next thing, which we had in case of here, in the case of our character, we create a baggage object.
The object is appended to the bags list.
The x variable is increased accordingly.
So same thing is goes with this on here.
The hash character.
We create a foreign object here.
The object is appended to the list and the x variable is increased accordingly.
Same goes with no here not.
Same goes with the so called one player.
We created a called object to the object appended to.
No.
Here the this object will not only we have created the circle player object here and it will just increase
accordingly with the x.
Now what we have to do, we will do one more thing.
We will create a wild, wild matter which will grow the game world on the window.
So here, after this, we will create a private void.
Build one.
And give the.